Publish minutes of 2026-03-26 meeting (#968)
hober/web-extensions: _minutes/2026-03-26-wecg.md

   * [Issue 967](https://github.com/w3c/webextensions/issues/967): Extension API to explicitly create split views or unsplit them
 * **Timely issues** (10 minutes)
   * (nominated issues here)
 * **Check-in on existing issues** (10 minutes)
   * (nominated issues here)

## Attendees (sign yourself in)

 1. Rob Wu (Mozilla)
 2. Oliver Dunk (Google)
 3. Maxim Topciu (AdGuard)
 4. Simeon Vincent (Unaffiliated)
 5. Brandon Lucier (1Password)
 6. Benjamin Bruneau (1Password)
 7. Timothy Hatcher (Apple)
 8. Ben Greenberg (Aglide)
 9. Kiara Rose (Apple)
 10. Mukul Purohit (Microsoft)
 11. Jordan Spivack (Capital One)
 12. David Johnson (Apple)
 13. Tim Judkins (Google)
 14. Tomislav Jovanovic (Mozilla)

## Meeting notes

Announcement: [WEWG Charter survey](https://www.w3.org/wbs/33280/webextensions-charter-2026/). Tell your AC rep!

 * [simeon] WebExtensions Working Group has been submitted to the Advisory Committee for review. W3 members can now answer the survey; please pass this survey to your AC representative. We need 5% (20) responses before this can move to the next stage.

Announcement: [London F2F](https://github.com/w3c/webextensions/wiki/2026-London-F2F-Coordination)

>  * [simeon] Event takes place on April 7 - 10 (Tuesday - Friday) in London; Oliver and I started working on the agenda. We closed sign ups due to capacity limits. People can also attend remotely.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * [simeon] Event takes place on April 7 - 9 (Tuesday - Thursday) in London; Oliver and I started working on the agenda. We closed sign ups due to capacity limits. People can also attend remotely.
```

 * [oliver] Rob reached out to me before about split views. There were two questions here. One was related to creating a new split. We would prefer to have an explicit API there over a flag on another method.
 * [rob] If you have two tabs you're working with and you want to create a split, that's obvious and I'm supportive of a new method for that. What about the situation where you have an existing tab and you want to create a split with a new tab that has yet to be created? Chrome and Firefox have distinct content when a split view is created for an existing tab.
 * [oliver] Don't know that we've discussed this explicitly. I think we'd want an explicit API but perhaps this case is different.
 * [rob] Right, but then you're duplicating functionality from `tabs.create()`.
 * [oliver] The other issue was movement semantics. We are open to changing our behavior there, and have no strong feelings.
 * [rob] In Chrome the split view is eagerly taken apart; in Firefox we keep split views together as much as possible.
 * [rob] I can work on a proposal for that.

> The next meeting will be on [Thursday, April 9th, 8 AM PDT (3 PM UTC)](https://everytimezone.com/?t=69d83d80,3c0), during the face-to-face meetup in London. Europe is back in sync with Pacific in terms of Daylight Saving Time!

Reviewer 2: Previous link was 1 hour off.

```suggestion
The next meeting will be on [Thursday, April 9th, 8 AM PDT (3 PM UTC)](https://everytimezone.com/?t=69d83d80,384), during the face-to-face meetup in London. Europe is back in sync with Pacific in terms of Daylight Saving Time!
```
